fix(docs): Update the create a source plugin tutorial (#36862)
gatsbyjs/gatsby: docs/docs/how-to/plugins-and-themes/creating-a-source-plugin.md

import { Announcement } from "gatsby-interface"

Source plugins are reusable integrations with content and data backends. There are already [100s of ready-to-use source plugins for popular content APIs](https://www.gatsbyjs.com/plugins/?=gatsby-source) like Contentful, Drupal, and WordPres. This tutorial teaches you how to build your own integration.

In this tutorial, you'll create your own source plugin that will gather data from an API. The plugin will source data, optimize remote images, and create foreign key relationships between data sourced by your plugin.

## What is a source plugin?

Source plugins fetch data from remote or local services and write the data into the embedded Gatsby DB.

At a high-level, a source plugin:

- Ensures the data in the Gatsby DB is synced with the latest updates from its source
- Creates [nodes](/docs/reference/graphql-data-layer/node-interface/) (Gatsby's name for an object) with accurate media types, human-readable types, and accurate
  [contentDigests](/docs/reference/graphql-data-layer/node-interface/#contentdigest)

> - Create relationships between nodes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Creates relationships between nodes
```

A source plugin is a regular npm package. It has a `package.json` file, with optional dependencies, as well as a [`gatsby-node.js`](/docs/reference/config-files/gatsby-node/) file where you implement Gatsby's Node APIs. Read more about [files Gatsby looks for in a plugin](/docs/files-gatsby-looks-for-in-a-plugin/) or [creating a generic plugin](/docs/how-to/plugins-and-themes/creating-a-generic-plugin).

## Why create a source plugin?

> Source plugins makes data from any source available to your Gatsby sites. Your Gatsby site can use several source plugins to combine data in interesting ways.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Source plugins make data from any source available to your Gatsby sites. Your Gatsby site can use several source plugins, like commerce data from Shopify, or content from one or more content management systems (like Contentful, WordPress, etc.), all in a unified graph.
```

Reviewer: You can feel free to tweak the later part. I found "in interesting ways" kind of vague?
